The Google Project Management Certificate will provide you with new lessons every week. As you’ve learned, each lesson includes a series of videos, readings, activities, in-video questions, practice quizzes, and graded quizzes. In this reading, you’ll learn about providing feedback on course content, obtaining the Google Project Management Certificate, and acquiring helpful habits for successfully completing this certificate program. 
Providing feedback on course content
Please remember to give feedback on videos, readings, and materials. Just open the resource and look for the thumbs-up and thumbs-down symbols. 
* Click thumbs-up for materials that are helpful. 
* Click thumbs-down for materials that are not helpful.
If you want to flag a specific issue with the item, click the flag icon, select a category, and then optionally type an explanation in the text box.
This feedback goes to the course developers, not other learners, and helps create even better programs in the future. 
For technical help, visit the Learner Help Center. 
Obtaining the Google Project Management Certificate
You can review videos, readings, discussion forums, in-video questions, and practice quizzes in the program for free. However, to access graded assignments and be eligible to receive your official Google Project Management Certificate, you must:
* Pay the course certificate fee, or apply and be approved for Coursera Financial Aid.
* AND
* Pass all graded assignments in all six courses or meet the course-passing threshold. Each graded assignment is part of a cumulative graded score for the course, and the passing grade for each course is 80%. 
Helpful habits to successfully complete the certificate
As a learner, you’re bringing all of your past experiences and best learning practices to this program. The designers of this course have also put together a list of helpful habits that they believe will help you to be successful: 
1. Plan your time: Setting regular study times and sticking with them each week can help you make learning a part of your routine. Use a calendar or timetable to create a schedule, and list what you plan to do each day in order to break your work down into achievable goals. Create a quiet place to watch the videos, review the readings, and complete the activities so you can really focus on the material.
2. Be curious: If you find an idea that gets you excited, act on it! Ask questions, search for more details online, check out the links that interest you, and take notes on your discoveries. The little things you do to support your learning along the way will take your knowledge even further, open more doors in this high-growth field, and help you qualify for jobs. 
3. Take notes: Notes are useful-to-remember information that you think might be important in the future, especially as you’re preparing to enter a new job field. In addition, taking notes is an effective way to make connections between topics and gain a better understanding of those topics.
4. Chat (responsibly) with other learners: If you have a question, chances are, you’re not alone. Reach out in the discussion forums to ask for help from other learners taking this program. You can also visit Coursera’s Global Online Community. Other important things to know while you’re making friends can be found in the Coursera Honor Code and Code of Conduct.
5. Update your profile: Consider updating your profile on Coursera. This link appears in the menu when you click on your name at the top-right corner of this screen. When classmates find you in the discussion forums, they can click on your name to view your profile and get to know you more.
Finding more information
Throughout this course, you will learn the basics of project management. We will provide a lot of information through videos and readings. But sometimes, you may need to look things up on your own for additional learning. Things change fast in this growing field, so it is critical to do your own research so you can stay up-to-date on what is new. 
Here are some helpful project management resources available online:
* The Project Management Institute is the leading association for those in project, program, or portfolio management professions. Their website provides guides, industry standards, articles, templates, job boards, certifications, and more to help support professionals in these careers.
* The Scrum Guide defines Scrum, a technique used in Agile project management. You’ll learn about the framework later in this program. This guide describes Scrum’s roles, events, artifacts, and the rules that bind them together. You can also find hundreds of free resources to learn more about Scrum at Scrum.org Resources.
Digital documents, spreadsheets, and presentations 
You will complete activities using a variety of digital documents, spreadsheets, and presentation templates. These templates align with the document types that project managers often use to create, edit, and collaborate with their team and organization. Digital documents make it easy to collaborate in real time and stay organized.
If you’re not familiar with these types of tools, check out the course Resources. 
Glossary
This course will cover a lot of terms and concepts, some of which you may already know and some of which will be new. To remind yourself about what a term means, refer to this Glossary.
Accessibility guidelines
When you create written or visual content or plan a meeting or event, follow these Accessibility Tips to make it more accessible to everyone, including people with disabilities.
